11/30 release status update
* Stabilization locked. Only testing and Blocking issues only
* Stabilization copy to main on track for 11/30
* Installer, marketing, documentation, and social media release scheduled for 12/2 to coincide with re:invent schedule

Going to become more strict starting today about anything else going into the stabilzation branch for the upcoming release
Tony and Terry in agreement with limiting what goes in moving forward

O3DE Release Notes creation and communication update
* Draft release notes created. Documentation currently polishing.

Joe - There is a process in place for making changes to release notes via a PR.  They will be ready for release.

RTE Point release Proposed Sig-Release Meeting Agenda Topic: RTE Point Release early January #27

Does anyone oppose a point release early to mid January to support RTE fixes?
There are 6 outstanding issues that won't make it into the re:Invent releases.  Minimal effort to resolve those issues.
Questions about timing of the release, and making sure it is low effort.  Work will be done by Dec 17.  Delayed to post holidays due to staffing and support needs.
We should keep this very focused to just RTE issues to avoid a landslide of additional functionality being put in for this release.
Tony - We should make sure to message out the limited nature of this release
Result:  Unanimous approval for recommending this point release in January to the TSC.


Discuss any updates for Definition of Long Term Support (LTS) of Releases

No update currently, it is in the TSC hands to define core functionality and when it is ready for long term support
Concurrently we're creating a grid of functionality and game types to evaluate where we are at.  Most of these will be outside of "core" but important to understand

Future release cadence?
* Currently scheduled for ~6 months

John - Time to have the TSC weigh in on a rough target date that we use to focus on features/needs and then drive based on readiness and not a given date.  Core releases should be released as appropriate with a target of every 6 months.  Some gems require core changes, so this will need to be coordinated.

Terry - Recommendation that we shift the release cadence away from the major holidays.  Maybe Mar/Sept or Apr/Oct if 6 months is decided as the regular cadence.
Tony - We need to request feedback wider on this in case there are other major holidays or considerations to take into account.


When should we hold elections?
* No update as release has been priority

Some comments that TSC determines when elections are held, other comments indicate that each SIG can do it at their own schedule.
John - Suggest every 6 months is adequate - Mid January could be a good timing for our first one.
Joe agreed with both.


Friendly Names for releases?
* example 2205.1 Silly Squirrel release (we need a naming theme!)

Marketing committee has recommended that we need a friendly name for releases.
This has caused some confusion amongst developers with variations.
Need to decide on a naming theme and will work on the marketing committee about this
We need to do a cleanup pass on how we use and display the version number via code
Tony - Is it too late to just come up with a friendly name?  Joe - Yes, web pages and marketing is already set
Liv - We should include this in the release notes (Joe, Terry agreed) to help get both engagement with the solution and identifying it as a known issue.
Action Item - Liv to add this to the release notes

Reminders

Please use @sig-release, not @channel or @here, when trying to get particular attention from the release sig
Q: Can @here be disabled at the admin level for discord?  Good question for sig-operations since they own discord
Action Item - Tony will raise this in the sig operations channel



