Make-up release sig meeting
* Postponed due to O3DE con by 1 week
* This session to focus on the upcoming release

No new attendees to introduce

Agenda is up as Release sig issue #16

Release Dates review
* Stabilization branch created on Oct 25
* Nov 30 is the release date to coincide with other activities

O3DE release notes - what should they cover and where should they live?
* We discussed having contributors post what they shipped to help gather this information with links to PRs and RFCs
* Docs doesn't want to own them moving forward
** Suggested 2-3 paragraphs of high level features, then a breakdown of additions/deprecations/known issues (severe)/etc
** Suggested to generate a git change log is useful as a reference
** Suggested to have a list of all the issues that were fixed for this release (or maybe a filter?)
* Joe to start a discussion about who will own putting together the release notes for this release
** Liv has been working with other PMs to get the high level features being delivered
* Action:  Joe to work with Sigs to determine release note process moving forward

Review status of runbook creation
* Identified 9 runbooks to be created
* Created runbook for code/content violating legal/policies/etc for removing that code or content
* Dec 15th is the date for getting the other RBs created and added to the release sig repo
* Action:  Joe to communicate the list of runbooks and to post to release repo
* Documentation on Dashboards, Alarms & Canaries so everyone knows how to respond when something goes wrong

Sig Operations review
* Messages sent to LF but no action taken yet
* SIG-Operations to meet later this week - Finchy is starting it.  STramer is leading the first SIG-Operations meeting
* A few community members have been contributing but without central leadership it is difficult
* To include AMZN_forhalle in these meetings

Status of release goals
* Liv [AWS] - This will be incorporated into the release notes and have a draft of the goals that we may release as a blog post prior to release
* Should start a discussion around Oct 25th and include it in the sig-release discord channel to get visibility

Locked versioning of documentation site for LTS versions
* Question:  Should this release be an LTS?
** Initial thoughts are no, but need to ask all of the sigs and the Steering Committee/Tech Steering board question
* Action:  Joe to start this conversation with SIGS and Steering Committee
* If we can add in customer communication in this discussion we will really differentiate our process from other OS projects
