Attendees
AMZN JoeB[Amazon]
Terry [Amazon]
Amelia [Amazon]
Alex Montgomery [Amazon]
stramer [Amazon]
Tony B [Amazon]

O3DE Game Jam plan
* We will be building a nightly installer building
* We will not be integrating from Development to GameJam branch to protect stability of the GameJam branch
* This branch will exist for the entire length of GameJam (1 month)
* Communication plan
** Type up a blurb to give to Royal to forward to LF marketing
** Plan to have this done by end of week (10/1)

Review status of runbook creation
* Started runbook for creating release builds
* Haven't started on release process runbook - will start soon
* No other updates or questions

Review status of sig operations creation
* Darrin was handling this, tabling this until next meeting when Darrin can attend
* May get update to include in the next meeting agenda if possible
* Recap at request:  Sig operations will be the entity for creating and overseeing the processes for how we use GitHub Issues, reporting, etc.  This is beyond the purview of SIG-Release and SIG-Operations is the answer to this.

Review status of release goal communication
* Update on this from yesterday (9/27).  The product group are reviewing the release goals this week and once they're agreed upon, there will be communication about this.  Likely week of 10/4 but possibly sooner.

Release cadence starting in 2022
* Proposing 6 month cadence for full releases.  Currently thinking mid-October & mid-April as the target months to avoid being near major holidays
* Cadence may change later (possibly more frequent) but will see once we have a few successful launches under our belt
* Suggestion:  Add reasoning to the communication and description of our release schedule/cadence to be available for newly joined members of the community (why decision was made/suggested/etc)

Additional Notes
* Joe to discuss with Royal about overlap between notes, agendas, etc, to hopefully avoid having to communicate the same information in multiple places (redundant work)

Upcoming Actions before next release meeting
* Joe to communicate GameJam outward (week of 10/4)
* Liv to communicate Release goals outward - Funneled through SIG-Release (week of 10/4)
* Should have a draft for the release runbook for next meeting


