## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** November 8th, 2022 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/96

## SIG Updates
**What happened since the last meeting?**

## Meeting Notes
1. Post-release updates: Review Feedback Notes
    1. https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/discussions/101#discussioncomment-3841574
	   1. SIG release to propose nightly build if the financial cost is low. Waiting for Mike Chang.
    2. https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/discussions/101#discussioncomment-3841667
	   1. @tony to discuss this in the channel.
    3. https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/discussions/101#discussioncomment-3841681
	   1. https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/discussions/101#discussioncomment-4090026
    4. SIG release will hold another meeting next week the same time to review all feedback and plan the action items.
2. Release process documentation
    1. @tony to create a branch and then create a PR so we can collaborate together.
3. Roadmap RFC updates.
    1. @vincent To tidy up the RFC before notifying others.
    2. @vincent To notify all SIG in the SIG all channel and make sure they're aware by having them comment on the issue.
	   1. We don't want to get bogged down by all of the improvements and suggestions and we need to move forward. We have the authority to do so.
3. SIG Release Roadmap
    1. We will evaluate once we have the release document.

## Action Items
1. @tony to schedule a call next week the same time for reviewing the 22.10 feedback.
2. @tony to create a branch and then create a PR so we can collaborate together.
3. @vincent To tidy up the RFC before notifying others.
4. @vincent To notify all SIG in the SIG all channel and make sure they're aware by having them comment on the issue.