## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** Jun 07, 2022 @ 05:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator:** Joe B (Ulrick28)
- **Note Taker** Tony B

## Meeting Notes
- Linux Foundation and the TSC are supportive. No concerns over the release date.
- UI/UX are concerned because of Rev the Engine. Tony will take action to create issue for feedback.
- We are proposing to the following schedule:
    - 8/29 Create stabilization branch(no features allowed past this date)
    - Bug Fixes allowed until 9/27
    - 9/27 "Code Freeze" (bug fixes only allowed with exception after this date)
    - 10/11 Release tasks are done. Binaries posted, code merged, etc.
    - 10/13 marketing announcement
- Need to Discuss release plan with Marketing Committee 
- Walked back from 10/11 release tasks done, we will need to decide any shifts in dates by June 30th, in order to guarantee 90 days before stabilization lock.
- Roadmap discussions are ongoing. Nicole from the LF appears to be taking point. Chairs and Co-Chairs are asking for templates. See Actions below for Joe
- Reminder, will start posting for chair nominations early June, for position to be filled by July 1st. When should we start the voting?
    - Tony is interested in being chair we will need to find a new co chair.  
- @Ulrick28 (current Chair) will be on PTO from Friday Jun 10th until Sunday June 26th. @tonybalandiuk will be the primary contact for any sig-release business during this time.

## Action Items
- Tony to coordinate with UI/UX SIG and Marketing Committee. Create an issue for 2210 release similar to https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/discussions/52 . 30 days to get feedback from SIGs before the dates are "locked".
- Amy will work with Marketing committee to see how this should be communicated to partners.
- Joe - follow with Nicole to confirm ownership of roadmap.
- Tony - follow up with Nicole on what release-sig's roadmap is https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/62
