## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** April 26, 2022 @ 05:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator:** Joe B (Ulrick28)
- **Note Taker** Tony B

## SIG Updates

**What happened since the last meeting?**
- Continued work to stabilize the 22.05.0 release via https://github.com/o3de/o3de/tree/stabilization/2205
- Stabilization branch will go into code lock 4/28 5pm pacific. Stabilization PR submission exception process defined at https://github.com/o3de/o3de/projects
- Feature list https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/blob/main/releases/22.05.0/22050%20feature%20list.md

## Meeting Agenda and Notes
- Until 22.05.0 is released, identify and discuss any potential blockers for the release.
     - @tonybalandiuk has been working on a feature list for this release.
     - @Ulrick28 release notes started, will link to @tonybalandiuk feature list.
     - @OBWANDO to provide for latest feature grid by 4/29
     - As of 4/26 we 11 blocking/Critical issues for 22.05.0 release. Sigs are working to address these before the EOD 4/28 code lockdown. Note that issues can be resolved after the lockdown, PR's to stabilization/2205 will just require an exception approval from the sigs
- The O3DE logo must be updated in the editor before we can release. The new logo has been decided on. Sig-content, sig-ui-ux are working on editor implementation and coordinating with o3de.org on website implementation. 
- Website updates will be minimal for the 22.05.0 release. This is due to a full website overhaul that is pending. LF has identified a contractor for both the minimal update (22.05.0) and the website overhaul. 
- Making multiple versions of O3DE available will be addressed as a part of the website overhaul
- (No Update) Discuss updates on the hiring of website developers.
     - We (the sigs) will need to work with O3DE.org to contract a dedicated web developer.
- It has been proposed that all sigs should stagger their sig meetings. Varying the times to accommodate different time zones.  @Ulrick28 to own this


## Additional discussion
- Should we start an office hours? Maybe, but not sure it’s needed at this time
- @Ulrick28 will step down as chair on July 1. We need to start looking for people who are interested in being chair/co-chair. @Ulrick28 will move his focus to content contribution.
- Theme suggestions for the blog: “Quality of Life and Stability”. Tony will provide this back to marketing 


## Action Items
- @tonyb to set up a meeting for 4/29 with release stakeholders (Website, Marketing, Operations) to confirm everyone is on track. 
- @tonyb to update marketing with theme for the release
- @Joe to reach out to Marketing and UI-UX to understand who will own website long-term


