Meeting notes for Aug 9, 2022
Discussions:

Alpha and Beta Phases.
- Joe: We would create a tag and build for each phase Alpha, Beta
- Tony: makes sense if there's a true need, but we don't need to fasttrack now.
- Tony: Also it's important that the other SIGs understand that SIG-Release is interested in quality, but we do not OWN quality
- Joe: each SIG is responsible for quality of what they own. SIG-Release is responsible for ensuring all ducks are in a row.
- David: SIGs need to own tests that are run for each release, and find people to run those tests.  Post-Release SIG-Release can run a post-mortem and provide feedback to SIGs.
- Tony: SIG-Release  will have an opinion on whether a release should go out, but this should be based on data.

Creating  Feature List and release notes
- Vincent: An item should be added to the project roadmap, then completed items will be in the release notes
- Tony: There's a notable label as well. Feature lists in the future can be Roadmap items + anything with a "notable" label.
- Tony: For this release, I will do a lot of the features list manually/by brute force where needed.
