## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** August 30th, 2022 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @vincentvincent
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/82

## SIG Updates
**What happened since the last meeting?**
* Worked on the features list, now posted https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/blob/main/releases/22.10.0/22100%20feature%20list.md

* Prepared the Release project board. https://github.com/o3de/o3de/projects/18

* Posted the stabilization exception project board and exception process: https://github.com/o3de/o3de/projects?type=classic

* Worked on documenting the stabilization process.

## Meeting Notes
1. Continue to review the next release details O3DE Release 22.10.0 Key Information #64 - progress updates and risks if there are any.
    1. We entered stabilization period yesterday.
    2. From the docs community, the September 27th will be the release notes lock. This is aligned with the Code freeze date.

2. Update on the status of the feature list for 22.10.0
    1. Features list created. You can access it [here](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/blob/main/releases/22.10.0/22100%20feature%20list.md).
    2. SIG release sent announcenment to all SIG channels to review the feature details and add anything if there is something that we miss.
3. Update on Release Process Documentation.
    1. No significant update yet.

4. Update on Proposed RFC Suggestion =Keeping O3DE Roadmap Up-to-Date Process= #79
    1. We had a brief discussion above the RFC. Stramer suggest to have the TSC/TAC to review the roadmap in regular cadence to ensure the roadmap is aligned with the TSC/TAC direction/priorities for the product. You can see the details of the comment [here](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/79#issuecomment-1231953141).

5. Features Grid Request RFC
    1. Docs community is looking for feedback from SIG release around the RFC features grid. You can see the RFC [here](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/40)

## Action Items
* @vincentvincent to address feedback around the RFC roadmap process.
* @vincentvincent and @tonybalandiuk to review https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/40
