## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** May 24, 2022 @ 05:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
Attendees: Joe B (Ulrick28), Tony B, Finchy, byrcolin, stramer

## Meeting Notes
**What happened since the last meeting?**
- O3DE 22.05.0 was released!

**Discussion Topics**
- Scheduling for next release. We will Start planning 90 days out. We should schedule for at least a week earlier to allow room for slip. O3DECon is Oct 18-19
- We are propose to the following schedule:
  - 8/29 Create stabilization branch(no features allowed past this date) 
  - Bug Fixes allowed until 9/27
  - 9/27 "Code Freeze" (bug fixes only allowed with exception after this date)
  - 10/11 Release tasks are done. Binaries posted, code merged, etc.
  - 10/13 marketing announcement
- O3DE Triage owner needs to step down due to schedule conflicts. Need volunteers to continue the meeting if it is deemed something that should be continued.
- TSC has asked Release sig to own working with sigs to publish a roadmap. (ongoing discussion),
- Reminder, will start posting for chair nominations early June, for position to be filled by July 1st. Current Chair (JoeB/Ulrick28) is stepping down due to availability conflicts. Update - SIG-Chair may stay on through the end of the year
Additional â€“ are there issues with using Discord for this project.

**Actions**
- Tony, Joe meet with Darrin, JC, Austin to determine specific actions we are taking for the roadmap, who is responsible for what. ETA?
