## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** March 1, 2022 @06:00pm UTC / 10:00am PT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator:** Tony B
- **Note Taker** Halle F

The [SIG-Release Meetings](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/tree/main/meetings) repo contains the history past calls, including a link to the agenda, recording, notes, and resources.

## SIG Updates

**What happened since the last meeting?**
- It was decided a roughly 6 month cadence makes sense given the overhead in releasing due to QA and Documentation needs. Will revisit cadence after each major release.
- Verified that the Linux Foundation is hiring Web Developers to assist with o3de.org and o3debinaries.org


## Meeting Agenda

**Discuss agenda and notes**

- @Ulrick28 restarting discussions around Long Term Support timeline (no progress)
     - Need to know if LTS is off the table for 2022
     - How do we support early adopter partners and customers without an LTS? Will need an alternate plan if no LTS.
- How do we handle downloading older releases of the engine?
     - Will need to revisit this topic once web developers are hired by the LF
- Right now Amazon handles all of the QA resourcing. Future releases will need assistance from outside of Amazon, particularly as O3DE grows. How will we handle QA for future releases?
- We currently do not have any available Web Developers to update the website (o3de.org and o3debinaries.org), who is responsible for staffing Web Developers? What is the plan?
     - Need an update on who/when for web developers


## Outcomes from Discussion topics

**Discuss outcomes from agenda**

- Long Term Support timeline
     - No comments
- Downloading older releases of the engine
     - Terry - Industry standard is to include a link on the main download page that redirects the user to a list of installer links. We only need to determine how long we should keep each installer.
     - Tony - We also need to solve how the user obtains documentation appropriate for the selected installer
     - Terry - It is common to provide past documentation as a packaged zip that users can install locally.
- QA for future releases
     - Terry - Sig release does not own this problem, although we have an interest in the solution because it impacts ability to stabilize releases. 
     - Terry - Sig testing does not own the testing, but may be able to create a framework to be used for releases that various companies and contributors can take pieces of.
     - Terry (@tjmichaels) will discuss with sig testing and the board the potential for sig testing to create a framework that can be used to divy up work amoungst various companies and contributors when testing a release.
- Web Developers
     - Halle (@forhalle) will post a message to Marketing committee to see if there is any progress on hiring web developers.



## Action Items
- @tjmichaels will discuss with sig testing and the board the potential for sig testing to create a framework that can be used to divy up work amoungst various companies and contributors when testing a release.
- @forhalle will post a message to Marketing committee to see if there is any progress on hiring web developers.

## Open Discussion Items
- Tony - Should we create a set of template tasks to use as a starting point for releases, or should we just have the assigned Release Manager use tasks from previous releases as a starting point?
  - Terry - A template would be useful because it would allow us to define standard, which may vary from release to release
