## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** October 25th, 2022 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/96

## SIG Updates
**What happened since the last meeting?**

### 22.10.0 Release
* 22.10.0 release successfully! There are many positive vibes in the Youtube and forum.

## Meeting Notes
1. Post-release updates
    1. The retrospective deadline is on October 31st, 2022.
2. Release process documentation
    1. @tony will have significant updates on this in the next meeting.
    2. @vincent will contribute Features Grid into the release process document.
3. Roadmap updates.
    1. There are cases where company such as Huawei and AWS have their own roadmap. This prompt a discussion how's the interaction between the SIG roadmap and the company roadmap. @tony will post a note about this in the RFC.
3. For features being delivered now, how can authors add a release note for the future?
    1. Few proposal discussed in the meeting
        1. Tony proposes to have a scratchpad where people put the release notes.
        2. Tony proposes to ask each SIG to review the PR each month and review which one should go with the release notes.
        3. Danilo suggests having some kind of check whenever PR is submitted.
        4. Danilo suggests having a bot that reminds people after the merge to complete some certain action, e.g., putting notable labels, etc.
    2. @danilo to write RFC about (d)

4. What's next for the SIG release?
    1. Documenting current the release process and we can do streamlining from there.
    2. @tony proposes to have a SIG release roadmap. 

5. For releases should we have a discussion posted noting the latest release over at https://github.com/o3de/o3de/discussions?
    1. No. We don't need to post anything in the discussion forum. We will use the releases tag in https://github.com/o3de/o3de

## Action Items
1. @tony to update the release documentation
2. @vincent to add feature grid process into the release documentation.
3. @tonybalandiuk to create a guideline instead of someone reviewing every exception.
4. @danilo to write RFC about having a bot that reminds people after the merge to complete some certain action, e.g., putting notable labels, etc.
5. @tony proposes to create a SIG release roadmap.