# SIG Release notes 2022-04-12

## Attendees
Joe Bryant [Amazon] (chair)
, Tony B [Amazon] (co-chair)
, amzn-dk
, Danilo[Amazon]
, Finchy [Amazon, Finch, Studios]
, Finite_State
, Royal OBrien
, Terry [Amazon]

## SIG Updates
**What happened since the last meeting?**
- Only 3 people showed up at the last meeting, with the chair and co-chair being two of them. Due to the light attendance, we decided to carry over the agenda.
- We have settled on a release date of Thursday May 12th
     - The release will be 22.05.0 
     - No mandatory features for this release. What is ready will be included, what is not will wait until the following release
     - A list of 'ready' features will be available to marketing ~6 weeks before the release. We need this for internal Amazon processes as well.
     - Release notes and known issues must be ready 1 week before the release. Aiming for 2 weeks before.
     - Stabilization branch was created April 4th. We have 12 volunteers who will integrate stabilization/2205 to Development. 
     - Internal Amazon QA has started a test pass.
     - Conversation ongoing with the Linux Foundation concerning website updates for 22.05.0
     - As per the Linux Foundation, the logo change is a requirement for the release
	    - Sig-UX is working to identify everywhere the logo needs to change.
     - The pallette change in the editor is NOT a requirement for this release.	 
- Per the Technical Steering Committee, no current plans for a Long Term Support Strategy during 2022
     - Would still be useful to define what an LTS is for O3DE.

## Discussion topics and notes

- Until 22.05.0 is released, identify and discuss any potential blockers for the release.
     - Tony B [Amazon] has been working on a feature list for this release 
     - @Ulrick28 responsible for release notes, ensuring stabilization/2205 to dev integrations, and ensuring stabilization/2205 to main integration.
     - @Ulrick28 is coordinating with @yuyihsu and the Linux Foundation on website updates for the release.
	   - @yuyihsu is responsible for communicating all website needs to the Linux Foundation. We must keep any updates minimal for this pass.
	   - Joe - Website updates should include updates to evergreen terminology
		 - Joe Website updates will also make previous versions of O3DE available
	   - Joe Logo changes need to happen in the editor by May 5 latest
	   - Tony B [Amazon] will own posting the exception process for the release.
	   - Royal OBrien will own generating a snapshot of current feature matrix to include in release notes.
 
- Discuss on any progress @tjmichaels has made on making previous versions of O3DE available. @Ulrick28 has started conversations with the Linux Foundation on resources to make the necessary website updates. We have learned that for the future, O3DE.org is responsible for website updates, not the Linux Foundation.
     - Joe is in conversations with UX to update it as part of this release - see above

- Discuss updates on the hiring of website developers.
     - LF will perform a one time update for 22.05.0. Have asked us to focus on making the site evergreen. Instead of referencing a version number, instead reference 'current release' or 'latest release. 
     - LF is working to contract a person to handle the website overhaul, not related to 22.05.0 release. This overhaul is on hold until a new logo is approved by legal. 

- @Ulrick28 has started discussions around Long Term Support timeline 
     - No LTS planned for 2022. It is recognized we should define what an LTS is during 2022.
	 
- It has been proposed that all sigs should stagger their sig meetings. Varying the times to accommodate different time zones. We will start by making one meeting per month more EU-friendly and go from there. 

## Action Items
 - Joe update this meeting for once per month to be "EU Friendly"
 - Better Evangilizing of meeting
    - Better evangilization in Discord for meeting plans - Joe to poke the Slack channel prior to meeting with topics to be covered.
    - Better evangilization of Notes- Tony B
 - Release Actions - See above for Actions required from :		Tony B [Amazon],  @Ulrick28,  Royal OBrien 
 - Joe - create an issue for product changes that need to happen
 - Yuyi - create an issue for Website changes that need to happen. Coordinate with SIG-docs. Minimal updates, Logo Updated, evergreen terminilogy, update download page
 - Finchy - coordinate with Niocole on Blog post for release


## Open Discussion Items

List any additional items below!+
