## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** July 05, 2022 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator:** @Ulrick28  
- **Note Taker** @tonybalandiuk 

## SIG Updates
**What happened since the last meeting?**
* Issue created for the 22.10.0 release https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/64 Marketing, SIG-UI-UX, and SIG-All have been notified to comment on the issue until Jul 1 if they have concerns with the dates. 
* sig-release Roadmap is simple and basically "done" at https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/62
* Still determining election timing. Needs to be as soon as possible.

## Meeting Notes
* Continue review next release details https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/64 - re-review the dates, any comments?
Tony to take action to confirm with Marketing that they're ok with the dates - see actions
Release manager not yet decided. Will likely be 2 co-Release Managers: Tony + Vincent. See Actions

* Continue discussion for Roadmap https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/62
     * This should always be a topic during release sig meetings as the roadmap will continually change.
     * Need to edit this doc https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1U_XAw9YJoPE3FlYeBKUz4kYjFRDS09NS3_YuZSZJ2qA/edit#gid=1112481565
     * Tony will handle
* Election of chair and co-chair - issue opened at https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/66
     * Need a time frame that is soon as @Ulrick28 will need to step down as chair and cannot be co-chair
     * Finchy to handle elections - see actions. Time frame and next steps to come

## Action Items
* Tony to reach out to O3DF Marketing to confirm release details
* Tony to update roadmap
* Tony to determine 22.10 release manager by 7/8 and add dates to https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/64 for setting up project board, tasks, 
* Finchy to run the election. Send PM to kick off the discussion.

