Meeting Notes

Recapped things that happened since last meeting, 

New items, 
Next release, issue #64, used template from 2205 release. 
- Aug 29th stable branch, month of Stable, 
- Sept 27th Code freeze, 
- Oct 5th issues resolved,
- Oct 11th all items should be done, 
- Oct 13th will be released, (2 days for Marketing prep)

Stabilization, separate branch that will become the release. Broken off from Dev branch, and stable branch is where all the bug fixes go in to bring a more stable branch. No new features or major changes. 

Roadmap
#62
Marketing did a call from all the SIGs and waiting on a Template from them on how to submit the information back. SIG roadmap limited, 
- Formalize release progress
Release process needs to be documented. To get together a guide to use help manage code base and the other SIGs and process on getting the release setup. Getting Stabilization setup, code freeze, marketing communications, release notes, etc. 
- Release date

Retro
#59
Release where we can make sure we are improving. Asking the community what went well and what did not and allows us to create a a process where we can improve on issues. 
Full list on issue #59

Issue to document the process in getting more community involvement for release. Danilo to convert existing process. Issue opened in SIG-Release, why its importance, and some kind of outline. Does this reflect what you do, does it reflect the process. 

Version numbers on engine has a technical limitation. Possibility to look into this? 
possible central place where these strings would appear, 
cmake would populate a parameter that would be used in build, value a float, A string we can change manually. Nothing need to be done on code side. Keep an eye and hopefully do better in the fall. 

Branding came in last minute, no branding guide, and still no guide in place. 
Action to reach out for branding guide. (Finchy to reach out). 
Not just for release, but for image/blog posting. 

Lack of Automation, would be something for SIG-testing to look into whats going on. 

Election, 
Chair/Co-Chair should not be the one to host/run it.
#66
Stagger Chair/co-chair nominations,
reason for this topic is Chair needs to step down. If we don't do a election, will linger around. 
Bring up at the next TSC meeting for getting a process for the Community PM Role to help run the nominations for chair events. This will help fill in the Gaps for items lacking. 
(Finchy) will bring up again at the next TSC meeting, 
Pin on this, and Hold for now in hopes we can get a process for this. 

Small group of Community PM's that would own this to help keep it updated, and maintained.
- Release Process
- Stab Process
- Whole Release process
- Chair/Co-Chair Process

Tony - Will be working to take the process in getting it down, and will need help with review and feedback. Wants that information accessible and readable from everyone. 


