## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** January 18, 2022 @06:00pm UTC / 10:00am PT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator:** Joe B
- **Note Taker** Tony B

The [SIG-Release Meetings](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/tree/main/meetings) repo contains the history past calls, including a link to the agenda, recording, notes, and resources.

## SIG Updates

**What happened since the last meeting?**
- Blog will post one week after the point release
- Meeting to discuss remaining dependencies for release scheduled for Tuesday January 18th, 2022 @ 2:30 PM PT.  
- No comments under https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/37 


## Meeting Agenda

**Discuss agenda and notes**

- Update on progress of point release 
(captured as action below) AMZN Joe B to post draft of release notes on Jan 18 EOD
AMZN_forhalle posted a board with all release tasks. No community/tutorials or blog post to coincide with release.
Want to have launch call at 10am on release day and make sure dependencies are cleared.
(captured as action below) AMZN_forhalle Set up a meeting for Thursday 1/20 to get Depdency SIGs in a room.


- Determination of release cadence? 
     - No determination as of yet, discuss steps to quicken determination of cadence
     - If no determination is made for the near term (need to define date), suggestion to default to previously agreed 6 month cadence
	 
	 Tony - do we want to have a Summer Release or a Spring Release? 
	 Royal - we don't believe we want one for GDC?
	 Tony - did we previously agree to date based or release-based? We agreed to rough timing between released, then deciding on features and then waiting on them for the release. 
	 Terry - We previously identified that we don't want to release 4th of July and Thanksgiving so keep that in mind.
	 Royal - some will only look at Stable Releases
	 Tony - there's a bigger question - stability vs features
	    Royal - in other projects stability is key, then the communit pushes feature velocity.
	 
	 
- Partners and users are expressing frustration with the stability of Development branch
     - Development branch will be inherently unstable due to the Development containing day to day updates of code that has not gone through a stabilization process
     - Development branch stability varies wildly from day to day, with some submissions breaking basic functionality such as ability to add gems to a project, ability to process assets, or ability to utilize common functions in the editor. 
	 Terry - need to define what level of stability we need from development. It's ok for development to be less stable, it's not ok to be "unstable". Anytime someone adds something that is significantly unstable, we need a new test around that.
	 Joe - SIG-Release and TSC will need to draft a set of tests that define "dev stable". 
	 Royal - A standard workflow of basic oeprations. We need to determine which level of automation this lives in. It would be good to do a retrospective on the issue that made it unstable.
	 (captured as action below) Terry to create an issues to raise stability of the dev branch 
	 
	 
- GDC is coming soon (March 21-25), should coordinate with marketing committee, TSC, and Linux Foundation on any plans    
     (captured as action below) Joe to attend Marketing Committee meeting to ask about GDC plans


Proposed topics
From AMZN_forhalle: Q Where does Release Manager Task end?  Joe B - get on Marketing committee agenda
- Joe B recommends checking in with dependent teams on the day of release.
 



## Outcomes from Discussion topics

**Discuss outcomes from agenda**

## Action Items

AMZN Joe B to post draft of release notes on Jan 18 EOD
AMZN_forhalle Set up a meeting for Thursday 1/20 to get Depdency SIGs in a room.
AMZN Joe B to attend Marketing Committee meeting to ask  about GDC plans
DONE - Terry to create an issues for dev stability definition https://github.com/o3de/o3de/issues/6981

## Open Discussion Items
Determination of release cadence


