## Meeting Notes
- **Date/Time:** May 10, 2022 @ 05:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator:** Joe B (Ulrick28)
- **Note Taker** Tony B
-**Attendees**: Danilo[Amazon], dk [Amazon], Finchy [Amazon, Finch Studios], Joe Bryant [Amazon], Tony B [ Amazon]

## SIG Updates
**What happened since the last meeting?**
- Continued work to stabilize the 22.05.0 release via https://github.com/o3de/o3de/tree/stabilization/2205
- Stabilization PR submission exception process defined https://github.com/o3de/o3de/projects
- Feature list created in the sig-release repo. 
- Stabilization is locked and we are green for 5/12 release.
     - Release Notes created
     - Docs are prepped
     - Stabilization prepped for copy to main
     - Feature grid added to release notes
     - Release Dry run was successful
     - Marketing verified plans for after the release
     - Testing is complete 
     - LF to own updating of website, Amazon to own updating of binaries download page

## Meeting Agenda
- TSC wants release Sig to own managing and publishing the O3DE roadmap
- Until 22.05.0 is released, identify and discuss any potential blockers for the release.
     - Logo has been updated
     - 0 blockers/criticals for the release
- TSC has asked Release sig to own working with sigs to publish a roadmap.
  - Tony - suggest we add this to the SIG-Release meeting. Work with sigs to make the roadmap part of their way of working and try to make this a lighter lift, not so much an information pull from  SIG-Release
## Action Items
- [ ] Joe B (Ulrick28) Add ongoing SIG-Release meeting topic of managing and publishing O3DE roadmap.

