## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** May 23rd, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @vincentvincent
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/157

## SIG Updates
## SIG Updates
Roadmap Progress Updates: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/79
No significant updates.

## Meeting Notes
1. 23.05 Post-release updates and following action items @Naomi-Wash
   The only issue left is https://github.com/orgs/o3de/projects/48/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=25118337. Will be added together with the master roadmap to the Joint agenda in the next Joint TSC meeting.
2. What to do with the critical bugs identified in the 23.05 milestone? https://github.com/o3de/o3de/milestone/13
   The point here is the milestone is not maintained hence there are still issues after the release. If issues are supposed to be solved in the milestone, should be taken out. Will improve the process for the next release.
   Tony proposed to have a task to track this work: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/188
3. Snap Packaging updates Make a determination on Snap Packaging #178 @Ulrick28 / @tonybalandiuk
   No updates. Close the ticket since it's not part of the 23.05 release.
4. 23.05 Release retrospective updates by @Naomi-Wash
    The feedback is on [the document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jvPxKBBQTSfkS3jg570jZ9snFaQUUyAtUQu9SBwC1Xc/edit#gid=0). Next, for SIG release to discuss the next steps based on the feedback on the next bi-weekly meeting.
5. Review the Live Snapshot Feature grid effectiveness.
   1. What are the success criteria?
   2. How does it help the community to understand the status of the overall feature? Can we measure it?
   3. Next action items: https://github.com/o3de/o3de/issues/15644#issuecomment-1559851014
6. [Discuss code freeze dates currently up for PR.](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/186#issuecomment-1558068831)
   1. We will keep the language as it is.

## Action Items
1. @vincentvincent @tonybalandiuk [to have a discussion with the TSC about the features grid and makes sure everyone agreed to maintain the grid. ](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/issues/15644#issuecomment-1559851014)
2. @vincentvincent @tonybalandiuk to triage the release retrospective in the next bi-weekly meeting.
