## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** April 11th, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/157

## SIG Updates
Roadmap Progress Updates: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/79
- https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/137
  - SIG Docs community merged [the PR](https://github.com/o3de/o3de.org/pull/2322), ready to be released on the 23.05
- https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/146
   - https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/146#issuecomment-1496243200

Release updates: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/133
- Naomi will help as 23.05 RM for the time being.
- Initial feature list created: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/pull/156
- o3de-extra will be released on the next release 23.05. When we release we merge everything that is tested to the main. So the release will only contain things from O3DE Extras that have been tested. Based on [this](https://discord.com/channels/805939474655346758/816043864858951710/1095094445713653810) conversation, tested gems are **XR and OpenXRVk**

## Meeting Notes
1. @tonybalandiuk 23.05 RM and release updates and next steps. https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/1333.
	1. The next steps are to do the release task distribution between Tony, Naomi, and Vincent.
2. o3de-extras next steps.
	1. Does o3de-extras follow Gitflow (stabilization into the development branch)
		1. Danilo to help check on the o3de-extras.
	2. Follow up with Brian and Alex whether we have any issues with just bringing those two.
3. Discuss Naomi's request for the O3DF board meeting: identify feature/capability gaps, how they are being addressed/closed, and the overall timeline for completion. 
	1. Naomi would like to request one roadmap for all SIGs. Naomi will reach out about this as it potentially will impact the SIG charter.
4. Proposal for removing SIG UI/UX
	1. Tony suggests setting a time limit for SIG UI/UX and any other sigs to respond.
	2. Maybe introduces the optional or not?
	3. Next steps
		1. Tony reaches out to SIG UI/UX about whether they want to be in an approval process.
		2. SIG release to consider the exception time limit for the next release. Tony will open a discussion about this.

## Action Items
1. @tony @naomi @vincent to discuss about the release tasks distribution
2. @naomi to schedule a release check-in meeting next week the same day at 9 AM PDT
3. @danilo to help check whether O3DE-extras follow the Gitflow.
4. @vincent to follow up with Brian and Alex whether we have any issues with just bringing only some of the gems.
5. @tony reaches out to SIG UI/UX about whether they want to be in an approval process.
6. @tony will open a discussion about this: SIG release to consider the exception time limit for the next release. 
