## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** January 17th, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/124

## SIG Updates
**What happened since the last meeting?**
1. -  [Roadmap RFC](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/79).
   - Created roadmap item template for each SIGs repo. Waiting for feedback and approval before merging.
   - [Informed all SIGs to create a roadmap by February 10th, 2023](https://discord.com/channels/805939474655346758/1049583145311273001/1062281261080649830)

## Meeting Notes
1. @vincent6767  - Roadmap Discussion Updates
   1. Updates are in the SIG updates section. Next action item: Vincent to work with the SIGs to merge the roadmap issue template, follow up with SIG about the roadmap, and follow up with TSC about their feedback related to the roadmap placement.
2. @tonybalandiuk Update on next release/Release manager discussion
   1. No updates.
3. @tonybalandiuk Update on Release Process Documentation.
   1. Will probably merge this week.
4. @tonybalandiuk  Update on SIG Release Roadmap https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/62
   1. No updates. @tonybalandiuk will work with @vincentvincent to define the roadmap.
5. To discuss whether to include O3DE extras as part of the O3DE release or not.
   1. Byrcolin proposes O3DE Extra as part of the release mainly due to it's a canonical repo of O3DE engine, meaning it should be part of one project.
   1. Few details of O3DE extras discussed: O3DE Extra goes through AR and it's not automatically if the engine is updated.
   1. Next step: @byrcolin to create a GHI in the SIG release defining the proposal and SIG relaese will help mention relevant party.
6. @tonybalandiuk to give an update on when the marketing website changes will happen.
   1. No exact date yet. @aFinchy will get back to us once the date is set.
7. @AMZN-daimini Streamlining the release notes process updates. 
   1. Danilo doesn't the have capacity to drive this. Need someone to take over.
   1. @tonybalandiuk will hold a discussion @AMZN-daimini and @chanmosq to go through the discussion.
8. @vincent6767 to follow up with TSC on whether we still need the features grid or not.
   1. Postponed as right now we don't have any replacement for communicating what is usable and what needs work.

## Action Items
1. @vincentvincent to work with the SIGs to merge the roadmap issue template, follow up with SIG about the roadmap, and follow up with TSC about their feedback related to the roadmap placement.
2. @tonybalandiuk will work with @vincentvincent to define the roadmap.
3. @byrcolin to create a GHI in the SIG release defining the proposal and SIG relaese will help mention relevant party.
4. @aFinchy will get back to us once the date is set.
5. @tonybalandiuk will hold a discussion @AMZN-daimini and @chanmosq to go through the discussion.
