## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** February 1st, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/130

## SIG Updates
**What happened since the last meeting?**
1. Roadmap RFC.
   - Updated roadmap item template for each SIGs repo
   - Tracked all tasks related to Roadmap RFC in RFC "Keeping O3DE Roadmap Up-to-Date Process" - Tasks Tracker #128
@tonybalandiuk to add other updates if there are any.


## Meeting Notes
1. @vincent6767  - Roadmap Progress Updates
   - Updates can be read above.
   - Few candidates where should we consolidate all projects in one place
     - https://github.com/o3de/community/projects?query=is%3Aopen
     - https://github.com/o3de/o3de/projects?query=is%3Aopen
   - Vincent will partner with docs community and marketing team to decides the best place for the roadmap in the websites and repositories.
2. @tonybalandiuk Update on next release/Release manager discussion. Discuss next release date.
   - There will be one release manager from Linux foundations, but will need to wait when the RM is available to help.
3. @tonybalandiuk Update on Release Process Documentation.
   - Waiting for feedback. @vincentvincent to help review.
4. @tonybalandiuk Update on SIG Release Roadmap https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/62
   - Waiting for feedback. @vincentvincent to help review.
5. @tonybalandiuk Updates "what should be included in a release" discussion. https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/discussions/129
   - JT gave context about the request. To increase community engagement where their creation was released together with the official release.
   - Tony will post the discussion in this #sig-all.
6. @tonybalandiuk Streamlining the release notes process updates.
   - No updates and no action items yet.
7. https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/108
   - Tony will work with Chanelle to figure out the code owners' maintenance.
8. https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/109
   - Chanelle will work with Tony and Vincent to complete the issue.
9. Next O3DE release date
   - Tony will start the discussion about the next release date as we want to target around end of April or early May 2023.

## Action Items
1. Vincent will partner with docs community and marketing team to decides the best place for the roadmap in the websites and repositories.
2. Vincent to help review the SIG release roadmap.
3. Vincent to help review the release process documentation
4. Tony will post the O3DEs Extra discussion in this #sig-all Discord channel
5. Tony will work with Chanelle to figure out the code owners' maintenance.
6. Chanelle will work with Tony and Vincent to complete https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/109.
7. Tony will start the discussion about the next release date as we want to target around end of April or early May 2023.
