## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** May 9th, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @vincentvincent
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/157

## SIG Updates
## SIG Updates
Roadmap Progress Updates: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/79
- Completed: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/137

Release updates: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/133
- 23.05 was released successfully without any major issues! Thanks to all who have been involved in this 23.05: https://discord.com/channels/805939474655346758/816043864858951710/1104069282314326157*

## Meeting Notes
1. 23.05 Post-release updates and next action items @Naomi-Wash
   1. We went through the post release tasks and assigned action items on each tasks. You can see it in the ["Post Release - To Do"]([url](https://github.com/orgs/o3de/projects/48/views/1)).
2. Is a point release warranted for Snap Packaging? https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/178
   1. [Quoting Joe]([url](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/178#issuecomment-1540456710)): "Snap packaging should not need a point release, unless we have to make code changes to O3DE itself, which we shouldn't for packaging"
   2. @vincentvincent to follow up with Joe about other reasons for point release.
3. @chanmosq Updates on the follow-up documentation mentioned here: https://discord.com/channels/805939474655346758/816043864858951710/1102670067294031963
   1. Chanelle didn't attend the call. @vincentvincent to follow up with Chanelle about this.
4. 23.05 Release retrospective led by @Naomi-Wash 
   1. @Naomi-Wash will schedule a retrospective meeting with the 23.05 release team
   2. @vincentvincent to share his thoughts about the live grid issues.
   3. @tkothadev to create GitHub issue in regards to SDK installer issue in 23.05 release.
5. Master roadmap for marketing and community
   1. TSC brought up a topic to have a master roadmap that helps marketing to see what's next features going to be released. This is going to help with release notes as well.
   2. @Naomi-Wash to send email to TSC and CC SIG Chairs and Co-chairs about the proposal

## Action Items
1. @Naomi-Wash to help follow up with the tasks in the ["Post Release - To Do"]([url](https://github.com/orgs/o3de/projects/48/views/1)).
2. @vincentvincent to follow up with Joe about other reasons for point release.
3. @vincentvincent to follow up with Chanelle about the documentation follow up updates.
4. @Naomi-Wash will schedule a retrospective meeting with the 23.05 release team
5. @vincentvincent to share his thoughts about the live grid issues.
6. @tkothadev (Discord Name) to create GitHub issue in regards to SDK installer issue in 23.05 release.
7. @Naomi-Wash to send email to TSC and CC SIG Chairs and Co-chairs about the proposal
