## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** June 20th, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/198

## SIG Updates
- Release retrospective items reviewed by the TSC and other SIGs during today's TSC office hours.
- SIG Election is being planned.

## Meeting Notes
@tonybalandiuk to give updates about the release retrospective and the next action items.,
1. @vincent6767 to give updates about the retrospective in the Discord channel
2. We decided on the next action items and the assignee for each retros item. The next step is to drive the retros item to completion.
3. [Here](https://discord.com/channels/805939474655346758/816043656377008179/1118978197778862101) is the retros sheet.

@tonybalandiuk to give updates about the feature grid statistics.

1. We don't get any data from the SIG Docs Community.
2. There will be a discussion between TSC to decide whether we're going with the features grid or not. [This](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jvPxKBBQTSfkS3jg570jZ9snFaQUUyAtUQu9SBwC1Xc/edit?pli=1#gid=0&range=E9) is one of the action items in the retros as well.
3. @vincent6767 to follow up with Nick in two weeks about the features grid updates.

@Ulrick28 to give updates about his discussion with Nicole about the next release concerns.
1. Updates from Joe can be read [here](https://discord.com/channels/805939474655346758/816043864858951710/1121133090102857818).
2. Next steps: To discuss further the QA, the release date, and the release manager at the next SIG release meeting.

@vincent6767 to give updates about the election process.
1. @vincent6767 to reach out to Naomi whether we can get her help to be an election official.


## Action Items
1. @vincent6767 @tonybalandiuk to drive the retros item to completion.
2. @vincent6767 to follow up with Nick in two weeks about the features grid updates.
3. @vincent6767 @tonybalandiuk to discuss further the QA, the release date, and the release manager at the next SIG release meeting.
4. @vincent6767 to reach out to Naomi whether we can get her help to be an election official.
