## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** August 15th, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk 
- **Note Taker** : @vincent6767
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/216

## SIG Updates
- https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/196
  - Roddie is nominated to be the co-chair. Since no one applies as the chair, @Naomi-Wash will proceed with the rest of the election steps.
- https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/205
   - Hotfix and the release notes are released. Moved the issue to do.
- https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/79
  - Finally, all action items for the RFC are completed. You can see the roadmap maintenance process [here](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/wiki/Maintaining-O3DE-Roadmap)

## Meeting Notes
1. @tonybalandiuk @vincent6767 to share the[ latest retros action items](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jvPxKBBQTSfkS3jg570jZ9snFaQUUyAtUQu9SBwC1Xc/edit?usp=sharing) status and blockers.
   1. https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/202
       1. @vincent6767 to follow up with Mike about the GHI for tracking purposes and whether we can complete it before the next Stabilization process started.
1. @Naomi-Wash @Ulrick28 to give updates about her discussion with Royal about the release manager as those are considered blockers for the next release. Based on [the meeting notes on July 18th](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/blob/main/meetings/notes/2023%20-%20July%2018th.md), we would like to have the release manager onboarded by August 1st.
   1. @RoddieKieley will take as a release manager for the 23.10.
   3. @Naomi-Wash will create the new project board and introduce the release process.
   4. @Naomi-Wash will introduce the SIG release team to Roddie.
   5. There is no one in the SIG Docs community to contribute. This is a risk @Naomi-Wash @Ulrick28 @RoddieKieley 
3. @Ulrick28 to give updates about the features list.
    1. @Ulrick28 to share the notes next week.
6. @vincent6767 @Naomi-Wash to decide the next action items for the SIG release election process: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/196
   1. @Naomi-Wash will proceed with closing the issue.
   3. @Ulrick28 will follow up again with his manager to confirm his availability to become a chair. If he becomes a chair, he and Roddie should be looking into reducing the workload so it's manageable for Joe.
7. @Naomi-Wash to give updates about the feature grid tools' next action items. Last time Naomi said she will talk with Royal about this: https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/85
   1. @Naomi-Wash to follow up before the next bi-weekly sync.
8. @RoddieKieley will own the SIG Release bi-weekly sync, including preparing the agenda moving forward.


## Action Items
1. Regarding the https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/202, @vincent6767 to follow up with Mike about the GHI for tracking purposes and whether we can complete it before the next Stabilization process started.
2. @Naomi-Wash will create the new project board and introduce the release process.
3. @Naomi-Wash will introduce the SIG release team to Roddie.
4. @Ulrick28 to share the features list next week.
5. @Ulrick28 will share the Golden Path scenario with Royal so Foundations members can help test it out.
6. @Naomi-Wash will proceed with the rest of the election steps.
7. @Ulrick28 will follow up again with his manager to confirm his availability to become a chair. If he becomes a chair, he and Roddie should be looking into reducing the workload so it's manageable for Joe.
8. @Naomi-Wash will follow up with Royal about the feature grid tools' next action items.
9. @RoddieKieley will be the release manager for 23.10. He will familiarize himself with the process by reading [these documents](https://discord.com/channels/805939474655346758/849888520537505852/1141056906874605578) alongside sessions with Naomi.
