## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** July 18th, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/206

## SIG Updates
- Release Retrospective Action Items
   - Followed up with Mike about this https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/202. Waiting for his response.
- Election Official is currently running: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/197

## Meeting Notes
1. @tonybalandiuk @vincent6767 to share the latest retros action items status and blockers.
1. @Naomi-Wash to give updates about her discussion with Royal about the QA resource and the release manager as those are considered blockers for the next release.
    1. If we want to have a release in early October 6th release (before ROSCon 2023), Linux Foundations should provide the QA by August 25th and Release Manager by August 1st. @tonybalandiuk will contact Naomi and Royal.
3. @vincent6767 to give updates about the election process: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/196
    1. @vincent6767 asks Naomi whether we could advertise it to a wider audience.
4. @vincent6767 @tonybalandiuk To decide the next steps including assignments and point release: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/205
     1. We will introduce a point release with the https://github.com/o3de/o3de/issues/16392 and the Linux startup issue.
     2. @Ulrick28 to announce in the SIG-all channel that we're going to introduce the point release so other SIGs can mention other **user blocker issues** as part of the point release.
     4. Who will run the point release? @tonybalandiuk will follow up with Naomi about the release manager. If we don't have the release manager, then we don't have a point release.
     5. We don't have dedicated QA. We will have volunteers to do the ad-hoc tests. The scenario is to make it run and run the multiplayer sample, then we're good. @Ulrick28 will coordinate this.
     6. @Ulrick28 to share the mechanics of the point release and @vincent6767 to document the point release. 


## Action Items
1. @vincent6767 @tonybalandiuk to drive the retros item to completion.
2. @tonybalandiuk will contact Naomi and Royal about the release manager and QA resource if we want to release on October 6th to targe ROSCon 2023.
3. @vincent6767 asks @Naomi-Wash whether we could advertise SIG Release Chair and Co-Chair election to a wider audience.
4. @Ulrick28 to announce in the SIG-all channel that we're going to introduce the point release so other SIGs can mention other **user blocker issues** as part of the point release.
5. @Ulrick28 to share the mechanics of the point release
6. @vincent6767 to document the point release process after it's executed.
