## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** August 1st, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk 
- **Note Taker** : @vincent6767
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/216

## SIG Updates
- Election Official is still running due to no candidates: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/197. @vincent6767 is currently discussing with @Naomi-Wash @tonybalandiuk what the next step will be if no one nominates and no candidate recommendation.
- https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/205
   - Hotfix is released! The only task left is to work with @Ulrick28 @tonybalandiuk on writing the Hotfix release notes.

## Meeting Notes
1. @tonybalandiuk @vincent6767 to share the latest retros action items status and blockers.
   1. @Naomi-Wash will follow up with Royal about the feature grid tools' next action items. It's related to this [item]([url](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jvPxKBBQTSfkS3jg570jZ9snFaQUUyAtUQu9SBwC1Xc/edit?pli=1#gid=0&range=A9)).
1. @Naomi-Wash @Ulrick28 to give updates about her discussion with Royal about the QA resource and the release manager as those are considered blockers for the next release.
   1. @Ulrick28 will manage the technical aspect of the release, e.g. organizing the branch creation, stabilization, whether this issue is a blocker or not, etc. You can see his notes [here](https://discord.com/channels/805939474655346758/816043864858951710/1133918467423227986).
   2. Target 23.10 release date is October 9th, a week before the ROSCon 2023. Stabilization will start around August 21st, 2023.
   3. Royal will find someone non-technical to help as a release manager. Not sure when they're going to be available.
   4. @Ulrick28 will provide limited QA and Royal will press foundations members to test the "Golden Path". Joe will share the scenario out.
   5. @Ulrick28 will compile the features list by the end of the week.
3. @vincent6767 @tonybalandiuk @Naomi-Wash to decide the next action items for the SIG release election process: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/196
   1. Naomi will nominate Roddie as the co-chair in the election GHI.
   2. Joe will discuss his availability with his manager to understand his bandwidth.
   3. Joe will manage the technical aspect of the release, e.g. organizing the branch creation, stabilization, whether this issue is a blocker or not, etc.
4. @vincent6767 @tonybalandiuk To discuss the next steps for the hotfix release notes: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/204.
   1. The hotfix release notes look good. @vincent6767 to let the marketing team the hotfix release notes are done.


## Action Items
1. @Naomi-Wash to nominate as SIG release co-chair
2. @Ulrick28 to discuss his availability with his manager to understand his bandwidth for the SIG Release chair.
3. @vincent6767 to let the marketing team the hotfix release notes are done.
4. @Ulrick28 will share the Golden Path scenario to Royal so Foundations members can help test it out.
5. @Ulrick28 will compile the features list by the end of the week.
6. @Naomi-Wash will follow up with Royal about the feature grid tools' next action items.
