## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** January 3rd, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/121

## SIG Updates
**What happened since the last meeting?**
1. [Roadmap RFC](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/79). All feedback is addressed. The RFC will take effect on the second week of January 2023, which means the SIG release will start working with you all to create the roadmap according to the RFC and prepare the required logistics All SIGs can still comment if there are any concerns until the first week of January 2023.
2. Created PR for [the stabilization process](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/pull/120) and [major release process](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/pull/118).

## Meeting Notes
1. @vincent6767 - Roadmap Discussion Updates
   1. Requested review for the [roadmap issue templates](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/pull/122).
   2. Vincent to provide visibility for the RFC execution.
   3. Prioritize SIGs that contribute to the features and code directly as those are main O3DE roadmap.
3. @tonybalandiuk Update on next release/Release manager discussion
   1. Tony sent the job description to Royal. Waiting for Royal's response.
   2. This may affect the next release date.
5. @tonybalandiuk Update on Release Process Documentation.
   1. Tony created some PRs as mentioned above. Expect there will be more to come next few weeks to close the docs gap.
   2. Vincent to follow up whether we still need the features grid.
7. @tonybalandiuk Update on SIG Release Roadmap
   1. Tony will take a look at this and provide updates next week. This is so we can show other SIGs what's the mininmum information we need in the roadmap and to create the momentum for other SIGs to start creating their own roadmap.
9. @AMZN-daimini Streamlining the release notes process updates.
   1. No updates as Danilo is not in the meeting. 
   2. Joe Bryant will follow up with Amy on who will run the SIG operations as this initiative requires SIG operations.
11. Review any release changes required with the new download page of the website design update.
   1. Tony will follow up with marketing commitee when the changes will happen.
   2. The changes might affect the pre-release tasks.

## Action Items
1. Vincent to provide visibility for the RFC execution.
2. Tony will take a look at SIG release roadmap and provide updates next week.
3. Joe Bryant will follow up with Amy on who will run the SIG operations as this initiative requires SIG operations.
4. Tony will follow up with marketing commitee when the changes will happen.
5. Vincent to follow up whether we still need the features grid.
