## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** March 14th, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/130

## SIG Updates
**What happened since the last meeting?**
1. Started a discussion on increasing awareness of the SIG roadmap by sharing the roadmap on the docs portal and main websites: Increase community awareness of SIG roadmap by sharing those in the Docs and main websites - March 2023 #137
2. Decided o3de-extras as a canonical repo, which means we will start including it in the next release 23.05

## Meeting Notes
@tonybalandiuk 23.05 Release Updates: O3DE Release 23.5.0 (scheduled for May 3, 2023) - Key Information #133
1. There is a risk to the release if we don't get a release manager. @tony to reach out to Royal if we don't get any RM on April 3rd.
2. "QA Final Pass" now 4/19 and Release Considered "Stable" now 4/27
3. About release notes, @tony to work on the features list and asks SIGs to contribute. On April 3rd, SIG release will pass the feature list to SIG Docs community.

@vincent6767 Roadmap Progress Updates: Proposed RFC Suggestion =Keeping O3DE Roadmap Up-to-Date Process= #79
1. Currently working with Tony and later all SIGs about updating the SIG roadmap maintenance responsibilities on the SIG charter.
2. @vincent to work with Tony and all SIGs about adding roadmap maintenance responsibilities on the SIG charter.

@tonybalandiuk Guidance needed: Reviewers/maintainers of release notes #109 updates.
1. @tony will update the release process about this.

@AMZN-daimini Roadmap Item =Simplify the Release Notes tracking process= #135 updates.
1. No updates

@chanmosq Docs Release Process
1. Published the docs release process. You can read it here: https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/tree/main/release-process

## Action Items
1. @tony to reach out to Royal if we don't get any RM on April 3rd.
2. @vincent to work with Tony and all SIGs about adding roadmap maintenance responsibilities on the SIG charter.
3. @tony will update the release process about reviewers/maintainers.
4. @tony to work on the features list and asks SIGs to contribute
