## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** July 5th, 2023 @ 5:00pm UTC / 10:00am PDT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Release Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Z2bzwCRJEz)
- **Moderator**: @tonybalandiuk
- **Note Taker**: @vincentvincent
- **Agenda**: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/203

## SIG Updates
- Release Retrospective Action Items
   - Completed https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/201
   - Created project board for the next release: https://github.com/orgs/o3de/projects/51/views/1
- @Naomi-Wash will help as the Election Official.

## Meeting Notes
1. @tonybalandiuk @vincent6767 to share the latest retros action items status and blockers
   1. Updates can be read [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jvPxKBBQTSfkS3jg570jZ9snFaQUUyAtUQu9SBwC1Xc/edit?pli=1#gid=0).   
2. Discuss further the QA resource for the next release, the release date, and the release manager at the next SIG release meeting.
   1. @Naomi-Wash will talk with Royal about the QA resource and the release manager as those are considered blockers for the next release. Naomi will give updates on the release chat.
3. @vincent6767 to give updates about the election process: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/196
   1. @Naomi-Wash will update the [SIG Election GHI](https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/issues/197) with the timeline and post the event in Discord by today. 


## Action Items
1. @vincent6767 @tonybalandiuk to drive the retros item to completion.
2. @Naomi-Wash will talk with Royal about the QA resource and the release manager as those are considered blockers for the next release.
3. @Naomi-Wash will update the SIG Election GHI with the timeline and post the event in Discord by today. 
